ah
February 22, 2009
My name is in the center of pain.
its third generation
of chile 2 born in rio grande do sul
great-grandson of tomás david olindo from italy
I'm on a vineyard
the face to be more explicit
and something that was
planted by my first generation grandfather born in Brazil
the citizen's name was the military vidor
we can see here that we do not have a production
something was collected
but what I fall says lucky vineyard
it's a vine of the variety
diogo isabella
which was planted in the early 20th century plus ten to be more exact
a thousand
905 approximately or 1906
in case
this kid kia
quixad
approached
approached with the passed
Are you Mr. Years old?
and continues to produce
until this day
the action
not with the youth record
continues to produce
we have something still here but very little that she
is enough
the maturation of the era very fast
and I could not
was done before
we can already see that
by the beloved
that spreads where I'm walking
it's the same plant
and now they will try to take a walk
I was
I must be more or less at four meters
sweet
trunk and initial
what was the number being
so therefore can we all feel here
even with more than a century of life
continues to produce
and with a very good quality
it's no coincidence that there's a box here
ballet stage
and it will stop
inside the footage
is one of the last ones still in the
in said